it's called everlasting lemon curd
souffle it involves eggs of course but
the everlasting bit is because it
doesn't actually have any flour what
I've got here in this bowl is three egg
whites and they've been beaten to the
stiff peak stage and what I'm going to
do now is just add to the the egg whites
1 dessert spoon of sugar and just beat
that in and then what I'm going to do
now is mix the yolks and I've got 3 egg
yolks here and these are going to have
added to them the juice of a lemon and
the grated zest of a lemon and 2 ounces
of golden caster sugar and then I'm just
going to whisk those together and then
once they are thoroughly blended the
next thing I'm going to do is fold 1
tablespoon of the egg white in just to
start off the the folding and blending
and then the next thing is to add the
rest of the egg whites and they can all
go in in one go using a spatula to clean
the bowl there we go and now I can
actually show you what the correct way
to fold is to use a cutting movement use
a tablespoon and then just turn it over
like that cut through the mixture swirl
it round and just lift it and turn it
over why you should fold like that and
not go in yellow whisking away and it's
because the air that we've spoken about
earlier in the egg whites has to be
saved if we're going to have nice puffy
souffles souffles we want to have all
that air conserved so it's very
important to do this folding
gently as I'm doing it now and not try
and rush it or start beating there we go
now over here I've got four little
ramekin dishes because this recipe is
for four and they have got in the base
of them roughly a tablespoon of lemon
curd and this is homemade lemon curd
it's a quick method that I've worked out
for you everything's quick and now all
I'm going to do is fill the souffle
dishes with the mixture now the oven
temperature for this is going to be 170
degrees or gas mark 3 and I've got the
shelf in the oven positioned just one
shelf below center now they're going to
be popped into the oven and they'll take
up to about 17 minutes to cook what you
want is they're nice and puffy and
golden brown quite firm but still a bit
wobbly now they will sink a bit when you
take them out of the oven but you're not
to panic because what they'll never do
is fall flat the thing to remember is
when you take them out of the oven you
need to let them settle for about five
minutes because the lemon curd is very
very hot and it would burn your mouth if
you ate them straight away but the nice
thing about these is you can leave them
for five minutes and then when you want
to serve them you put the souffle on a
plate like that and just sprinkle it as
it goes to the table with a little bit
of icing sugar
you